README.md, before:

# Poor Man's Scheduled Messages

[![Build Status](https://github.com/apartmentlines/mattermost-plugin-poor-mans-scheduled-messages/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/apartmentlines/mattermost-plugin-poor-mans-scheduled-messages/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

<div align="center">
  <img src="logo.png" alt="Poor Man's Scheduled Messages logo">
</div>

## Purpose

The paid version of [Mattermost](https://mattermost.com) comes with [scheduled messages](https://docs.mattermost.com/collaborate/schedule-messages.html), but what about us poor schlubs on the free plan??

The Poor Man's Scheduled Messages plugin aims to fill this gap, albeit less elegantly. What you get is a `/schedule` [slash command](https://docs.mattermost.com/collaborate/run-slash-commands.html) that allows you to schedule text-only messages to be posted at a future time to any channel or direct message.

## Installation

Until an official release is available, the latest release tarball can be installed...

via [System Console](https://developers.mattermost.com/integrate/plugins/components/server/hello-world/#install-the-plugin)

...or...

via [mmctl](https://docs.mattermost.com/manage/mmctl-command-line-tool.html#mmctl-plugin-add)

## Usage

With the plugin installed: `/schedule help`

..or view the help [here](assets/help.md)

## Caveats

You get what you pay for, so...

1. **No attachments:** Slash commands don't pass attachment data as far as I can tell, so you can't attach anything to a scheduled message.
2. **Message limits:** There is a limit of 1000 scheduled messages per user, each message can be no longer than 50KB in size (which is about 30 pages in a typical book).
3. **High performance? Who knows:** Messages are managed via Mattermost's internal key/value store, and a scheduler cycles through all scheduled messages once per minute, sending those that are due. I doubt this would perform well on an installation with a ton of users.

Commit message:

add clarification about message length and high performance

README.md, after:

# Poor Man's Scheduled Messages

[![Build Status](https://github.com/apartmentlines/mattermost-plugin-poor-mans-scheduled-messages/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/apartmentlines/mattermost-plugin-poor-mans-scheduled-messages/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

<div align="center">
  <img src="logo.png" alt="Poor Man's Scheduled Messages logo">
</div>

## Purpose

The paid version of [Mattermost](https://mattermost.com) comes with [scheduled messages](https://docs.mattermost.com/collaborate/schedule-messages.html), but what about us poor schlubs on the free plan??

The Poor Man's Scheduled Messages plugin aims to fill this gap, albeit less elegantly. What you get is a `/schedule` [slash command](https://docs.mattermost.com/collaborate/run-slash-commands.html) that allows you to schedule text-only messages to be posted at a future time to any channel or direct message.

## Installation

Until an official release is available, the latest release tarball can be installed...

via [System Console](https://developers.mattermost.com/integrate/plugins/components/server/hello-world/#install-the-plugin)

...or...

via [mmctl](https://docs.mattermost.com/manage/mmctl-command-line-tool.html#mmctl-plugin-add)

## Usage

With the plugin installed: `/schedule help`

..or view the help [here](assets/help.md)

## Caveats

You get what you pay for, so...

1. **No attachments:** Slash commands don't pass attachment data as far as I can tell, so you can't attach anything to a scheduled message.
2. **Message limits:** There is a limit of 1000 scheduled messages per user, each message can be no longer than 50KB in size (max message length in Mattermost interface is currently about 16KB, so shouldn't be a problem).
3. **High performance? Who knows:** Messages are managed via Mattermost's internal key/value store, and a scheduler cycles through all scheduled messages once per minute, sending those that are due. If you don't exceed the 'official' free plan limit of fifty users, and your users aren't all scheduling hundreds of messages, it will *probably* be fine.
